Project Roadmap

Tasks and Notes

 Add to project spreadsheet
 Setup Git-hub repo
 Add an example code to project and test it. Record finding.
Notes: Was able to get app running with code from inventory-managment-system folder. I followed the README provided except in the last command used pyton -m flask run
 Define needed componants
Notes: Database for Inventory, HTML pages for flask site, py code for the app
 Create workflow
Notes: Flow added to documentation. @ahamil53 check for needed changes. Thanks!
 Create database for Inventory
Notes: Inventory Management Sys repo has a pre built sqlite db in the Inventory folder. We could modify for use.
 Create app python code
Notes: Inventory Mgt System repo has a python file called app.py that we could modify. Notes: Check code from D2L grade tracker for log-in info.

Sprint 2

UPDATE 1: Change more specific to the user by adding the question of 
mother's madien name in order to come up with a random password that best fits user 
DONE
-changed the code's wording in each section , started to have problems but there was minor 
spelling error 
-kept reapplying 
UPDATE 2: Change the nick name of partner and instead do the first car color for the user
( I did not like the partner's nickname that had nothing do with the single user.
DONE

UPDATE 3: Make it more easier for the user to input information I change the input to the code
make it more user friendly

DONE
UPDATE 4: ADD more questions than the ones easily put in the code the ones of my choosing. 
DONE

UPDATE 5: ADD a social security section where it asks the last 4 of your social to the code
-Looked up a way to add a social security section of the code so that it may 
-Started messing up my code completly 
DONE

UPDATE 6:LAST REPLACE a new repository, to make it more of my own but keep the same guidelines of the tutorial 
DONE 
 
Sprint 3

 Create one PowerPoint slide introducing your project and upload it.
Due Final Presentation between last day of class and DEC 14th

 Practice presentation
 Schedule presentaiton time on teams and record meeting
